wiki/index.markdown, before:

# Wired Wiki

Welcome to the Wired Wiki. This place is dedicated to provide documentation for the Wired software suite and its specifications. If you are not aware about what Wired is exactly, I recommend you to look at the [Wired Overview](overview.html) page.

This wiki is designed to be the primary documentation reference for users, administrators and developers. This knowledge base is updated as regularly as possible with latest information.

## Official Website

The offcial website of the Wired project:

* [wired.read-write.fr](http://wired.read-write.fr)

## User Manuals

User manuals of the Wired software suite:

#### Mac OS X

* [Wired Client for Mac OSX](wiredclient/wiredclient)
* [Wired Server for Mac OSX](wiredserver/wiredserver_osx)
* [Wire Bot for Mac OSX](wirebot/wirebot_osx)

#### UNIX (Linux/BSD)

* [Wire for UNIX](wire/wire)
* [Wired Server for UNIX](wiredserver/wiredserver)
* [Wirebot for UNIX](wirebot/wirebot)

## How-To's

Here are listed several guides to help users on very specific topics.

* [Installation How-To's](howtos/install_howtos.html)
* [Migration How-To's](howtos/migration_howtos.html)

## Developers Wiki

This part of the wiki is dedicated to developers, testers and people who would like to go further with Wired.

* [Developer Wiki](developers/index.html)
* [Contribute to the project](contribute.html)
* [Translate Wired](translate.html)

## Contacts

There are several ways to [contact us](contacts.html).

Commit message:

Update Wiki with new download links

wiki/index.markdown, after:

# Wired Wiki

Welcome to the Wired Wiki. This place is dedicated to provide documentation for the Wired software suite and its specifications. If you are not aware about what Wired is exactly, I recommend you to look at the [Wired Overview](overview.html) page.

This wiki is designed to be the primary documentation reference for users, administrators and developers. This knowledge base is updated as regularly as possible with latest information.

## Download binaries

Wired binaries are hosted and available for download at [SourceForge.net](http://sourceforge.net/projects/wired2/files/?source=navbar).

## Download sources

Wired source code is available on [GitHub.com](https://github.com/nark)

## User Manuals

User manuals of the Wired software suite:

#### Mac OS X

* [Wired Client for Mac OSX](wiredclient/wiredclient)
* [Wired Server for Mac OSX](wiredserver/wiredserver_osx)
* [Wire Bot for Mac OSX](wirebot/wirebot_osx)

#### UNIX (Linux/BSD)

* [Wire for UNIX](wire/wire)
* [Wired Server for UNIX](wiredserver/wiredserver)
* [Wirebot for UNIX](wirebot/wirebot)

## How-To's

Here are listed several guides to help users on very specific topics.

* [Installation How-To's](howtos/install_howtos.html)
* [Migration How-To's](howtos/migration_howtos.html)

## Developers Wiki

This part of the wiki is dedicated to developers, testers and people who would like to go further with Wired.

* [Developer Wiki](developers/index.html)
* [Contribute to the project](contribute.html)
* [Translate Wired](translate.html)

## Contacts

There are several ways to [contact us](contacts.html).
